Who who who
Boy, help me get a bucket of water
I'm from Yushugou.
I can't move anymore
Ouch, you scared me to death, old lady.
Why are you so old?
He even came out to fetch water by himself
Your son and daughter-in-law are dead
My family is dead.
Do me a favor.
Hey, sing, then I'll help you fetch water, hey.
Yes, old lady
Do you know where the well in Yushugou is?
know know
One ditch, one well.
The villagers eat water there
We're on our way
Go, I'll take you there, okay?
Hey, old lady, please hold this for me
I'll bring you water, let's go
The old lady is a long time old
How about legs and feet so fast?
Go, grandma
Why are you only touching the ground on your toes when you walk?
Hahaha
When I was a child, I could only walk with my feet bound and use my toes
You don't think I'm a ghost, do you?
Ah no no no no no let's go
Be careful when you slide by the well